1
Take your home entertainment to the next level with this captivating 24” Smart LED TV that features dedicated Netflix and YouTube buttons and built-in Catch up TV so that you can watch all your favourites.
199

2 
Discover the delightfully diverse features of the Apple iPad 8th generation, that features an advanced A12 Bionic chip for computing power that outperforms most PC laptops.
489

3
The Dell XPS 13 7390 13.4” FHD+ 2-in-1 Convertible Laptop features a refined WLED display with an improved screen to body ratio, more viewing space for productivity and a mesmerising view.
1459

4
The Apple AirPods 2 deliver the wireless headphone experience, re-imagined. Just pull them out of the charging case and they’re ready to use with your iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad or Mac.
After a simple one-tap setup, the Apple AirPods 2 work like magic. They’re automatically on and always connected. AirPods can even sense when they’re in your ears and pause when you take them out.
189

5
As the most critically acclaimed model in the M Series line, the ATHM50 is praised by top audio engineers and pro audio reviewers year after year. Now, the ATH-M50x professional monitor headphones feature the same coveted sonic signature, with the added feature of detachable cables. From the large aperture drivers, sound isolating earcups and robust construction, the M50x provides an unmatched experience for the most critical audio professionals.
199

6
Move, run, get notified, change your music, find your phone, customise your watch face look and stay connected all from your Kogan Active + Smart Watch.
35.99

7
Packed full of fun features that let your little one play games, track how far they’ve run and much more, this Play+ Kids Smart Watch helps them stay active and entertained all at the touch of a finger.
Whether it’s to take pictures or play games and learn to tell the time, the Kogan Play+ Kids Smart Watch (Black) provides your kid with the perfect companion for learning and play.
25.99

8
The Samsung Galaxy S21+ 5G Dual SIM is designed to revolutionise video and photography, with beyond cinematic 8K resolution so you can snap epic photos right out of video.
1089

9
5G speed, A14 Bionic – the fastest chip in a smartphone, an edge-to-edge OLED display, Ceramic Shield with four times better drop performance and Night mode on every camera, the Apple iPhone 12 has it all.
1329

10 
Advance your photography and make an impression with the Fujifilm X-A7. Simple, familiar controls at your fingertips let you create stunning results that tell your unique story.
649

11
Shoot at staggering distances with the 125x optical zoom COOLPIX P1000 Digital Camera from Nikon. This camera, which has a 16MP backside illuminated CMOS sensor, features a built-in NIKKOR lens with a 35mm equivalent focal length range of 24-3000mm. You can zoom even further with 250x Dynamic Fine digital zoom, which will give you an equivalent focal length of 6000mm. Coupled with these extreme focal lengths is Nikon’s Dual Detect Optical Vibration Reduction, which provides 5 stops of optical image stabilization and ensures your telephoto shots are crisp.
1622

12
This lightweight, cordless stick vacuum delivers a powerful cyclonic clean with an anti-allergy filter, long-lasting battery and interchangeable heads to help you reach every nook and cranny.
129.99

13
Don’t spend a fortune on separate vacuums and mops, the Kogan SmarterHome™ LX10 Robot Vacuum Cleaner and Mop helps you to get both dust-free floors and sparkling-clean tiles, all controlled from your smartphone. 
379

14
Don’t suffer through winter – keep warm and snug from top to bottom with this powerful, safe and portable oil heater.
64.99

15
Relax after a hard day with a beautifully compact flame-effect heater that delivers all the delicious warmth and cozy ambience of a wood fire with none of the mess or smoke.
89.99

16
Wrap yourself up in the weighted comfort of the Trafalgar All Seasons Weighted Blanket, which may help to reduce stress and anxiety so you can sink into a deeper, more restorative night’s sleep.
64.99

17
The quick, efficient way to dry your clothes come rain or shine.               
49.99

18
Easily whip up home cooked family recipes and chef-inspired dishes with this comprehensive cookware set that boasts advanced non-stick performance for healthier, tastier meals.
49.99

19
Portable and powerful, this air compressor will help you everything from balloons to truck tyres with ease.
25.99

20 
Boasting breathable and flexible mesh, with fully adjustable support and a simple design, the Ergolux Galway Office Chair is the ultimate choice for comfortable seating in the contemporary home or office.
65

21
Ergonomically designed to help alleviate muscle pain by switching from sit to stand in just seconds, reduce muscle tension and enhance your workday productivity with this sit stand desk.
109

22
This house-shaped bed is the perfect backdrop to your child’s dreams and it’s whimsical shape will nurture sweet, life-long memories!
129

23
These padded, stylish stools are perfect for kitchen, bar and dining spaces.
119

24
With flawless accuracy and an impressive counting speed of 1000 notes per minute, this note counter is a must for any business handling cash.
64

25
Featuring four gigabytes of built-in flash memory, add and overwrite functions and digital pitch control, this Sony digital voice recorder is built for convenient recording.
159

26
Take the stress out of going out with your bub thanks to this convenient travel bag, featuring separate compartments for your baby essentials as well as a large compartment for your everyday items.               
39.99

27
Kick play time up a notch with this feature-packed activity playmat that provides multi-sensory stimulation with different colours, textures and a variety of sound effects that keep children engaged and entertained.
39

28
Nintendo Switch is designed to go wherever you do, transforming from home console to portable system in a snap.
459

29
Let your child experience the thrill of racing with the adjustable comfort and responsive control of this go kart, allowing them to tackle neighbourhood terrain with confidence.                
99

30
The Sony PlayStation 4 Slim Console 500GB delivers awesome gaming power that’s always for the players. The biggest blockbusters, incredible PlayStation exclusives and most immersive games are waiting for you!
400


31
Darth Vader is arguably the greatest movie villain of all time. His sheer presence alone is enough to have you shaking in your boots. Throw in the booming voice of James Earl Jones and the unprecedented dpower of the darkside and you’ve got yourself one evil dude!

To celebrate this amazing character, Sideshow, in partnership with Legacy Effects, present the Darth Vader Legendary Scale Statue! This limited edition statue commands attention as the imposing Sith Lord shows you the true power of the Dark Side.
1622

32


